[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Everything,
nearly everything,
99.999% of the Milky
Way, at least, is in 5D.
In the same way the earth
was and still is 5D,
the 3D matrix is an
imposed or superimposed
computerized hologram
over the 5D Earth.
And your senses can only see
the hologram, not the rest,
which is also there, but in 5D.
It all affects you.
But you can only
be aware of what
your limited senses can detect.
The computer system was imposed
there from the lunar space
station 12,500 years ago as a
means to contain the reptilian
souls by federation forces--
this at the end of the
Tiamat and the Mars Wars.
The 3D matrix is connected to
and using the original matrix
system of operation through
the law of attraction.
What you truly ask
for will come to you,
although there are some
aspects of this which are not
fully known to humans yet.
The matrix computers will read
your thoughts and emotions.
And matching frequencies
will come together.
It's programmed that way.
Control what the
people believe in,
and you control what the
matrix is manifesting
as a collective reality.
>> So the 3D system was placed
over the 5D by the federation
from the moon?
>> That's right.
But placing the matrix
as a control grid
also made it easy to
hack by the reptilian
forces, especially
those that had access
to the computers in
the moon later on,
transforming a normal 3D
world into the hellhole it
is today for most.
>> Why did the federation
want to lock reptiles in 3D?
>> The federation did it to keep
the inside the etheric fence
because they were
too wasted, depleted,
and tried to continue with the
pursuit of reptiles on Earth,
as they are doing now.
That's why they implemented
the stargate, the Van Allen
belts that limit 3D, to keep
the bad reptiles in until they
can return.
They were much
weakened at the time.
Also, the entire solar system
was a complete mess of debris.
And the ships couldn't
operate properly.
It was too dangerous--
this because of the
destruction of Tiamat planet.
It was destroyed
because the reptiles
were being persecuted there.
The whole fight
was against them.
>> So now, with reptilians
residing on Earth,
instead of destroying
the planet,
just like they did with Tiamat,
they decided to set up their 3D
belts, yes?
>> Because their last action
brought the destruction
of an entire planet, although
it was a water planet.
So it would have been a good
spot to set a base camp there
by the reptiles.
>> Can you tell me a bit more
about that time and the wars?
>> When the reptiles arrived
on Earth about 40,000--
some say 50,000--
Sumerian tablets say 250,000--
years-- but they are wrong.
The reptiles placed a
dummy base in Tiamat
to emit all kinds of dummy
electromagnetic radiation--
so when the federation
came after them,
they could lure them into
a trap in an ambush style.
The federation,
pursuing the reptiles,
arrived at Tiamat to
investigate the electromagnetic
transmissions from there.
And they were ambushed
by the reptiles.
It was a very horrible
and bloody war.
The federation was desperate
to end the conflict, which
involved the use of nuclear
and energy point zero devices
that led to the
destruction of the planet.
Now the Andromeda Council, a
part of the larger federation,
insists that Taygetans
and the other races
involved in the
destruction of Tiamat
be the ones who liberate
Earth for karmic reasons.
This is then another reason
why the Taygetans have always
been involved in Earth affairs,
trying to clean the mess.
>> I have always sensed that
there was a deeper reason
to the story, and even
to why you are here.
It makes you less so
sweet and all-loving.
It makes you real.
>> Yes.
The deeper reason is also
to pay off that karma,
as some say, although I beg to
differ on the concept of karma,
something we can go
into at a later time.
And yes, we do make mistakes.
After the Tiamat and
Mars Wars, the reptilians
and the federation had taken a
very hard beating, many losses.
The federation was
damaged and weak.
It could not continue fighting.
But knowing that the
reptilians were on Earth,
they enclosed them
there with the 3D
matrix with the intention
of sorting it out later.
This matrix is a
computer program
designed as a hologram that
is projected onto 5D Earth
with a large and powerful
hologram projector, the moon.
It's all a program.
And the system is
primitive digital.
It's a caricature of 5D reality.
>> Why can't you
just shut it off?
>> We can.
But people there will have
a very hard time adjusting.
And it goes against
their own free will.
As it is said, that souls go
in there now for the thrill--
And even if we did
just shut it off,
the 5D and all its attributes
would suddenly start working.
And that means that strange
interdimensional animals
that are all there,
anyway, would
be seen running in the streets.
UFOs, ghosts, monsters,
and all things paranormal
are the 5D part of Earth
filtering through the holes
in the 3D matrix program.
>> How did projecting a 3D
trap the reptilians, exactly?
>> Because holograms
are not just light.
When powerful enough, they are
great electromagnetic energy,
a force field.
That force field is
the Van Allen belts
that surround the earth.
That's the limit
of the 3D, a wall.
You cannot go through that wall
without technology that can
control frequencies.
As a soul, if your
vibration isn't high enough,
you cannot go through, either.
You need to ascend
to work on yourself
to have a high vibration
enough to escape the fence.
The souls not evolved enough
will reincarnate there again.
The evolved ones will escape.
That's also why the
negative ones don't
want this information out.
They don't want people escaping
because they lose their slaves.
>> Was there civilization?
And were there humans on Earth
at the time of 3D installment?
>> There was.
And there were evolved
humans on Earth--
Lyrians, for example,
from whom we all descend.
>> So they got trapped, too?
>> That's true.
The federation expected
to go back to Earth
to finish the job soon.
And for many
complicated reasons,
that is now 12,500 years long.
>> Please tell me how the 3D was
programmed before it was hacked
by the reptilians imposing
their limiting beliefs.
>> The very same way you program
a video game with interactive
capability.
You design a virtual
world in your imagination
using CGI graphics.
You also create it not
with a mouse and screen,
but with thought-to-computer
interface.
The computer goes
reading what you want
and where you want anything.
You move it with your
hands and thought.
It's creative.
The rules didn't include
making you a slave,
twisting the program
to fit their needs.
The system was flawed.
It got intervened and hacked--
things like aging
fast, for example.
They are not part of
the matrix directly,
but programmed from
the inside after it
was installed using
belief patterns
of and from the people.
It was done using the original
matrix itself and its rules,
as they could not
get to the computer
itself that was and
still is in the moon.
The rules, such as the
law of attraction--
what you want, you get--
they made the people think they
were limited in order for them
to age, make them
believe that they
had only some 85 years to live.
The harshness of the
environment and the world,
also created by them, also helps
to create that belief in aging.
But it's all mind, not
genetic manipulation.
Earth's scientists
insist that they found
the gene that controls aging.
And they are right.
But what they don't
see or understand
is that it's consciousness that
turns the genes on and off,
even creates new ones.
So the reptiles
manipulated the people
into manifesting a
shorter lifespan.
The reptiles hacked the
system using mind control
over the people
manifesting the matrix.
>> The law of attraction is
not part of this 3D matrix,
but of an original
matrix, correct?
>> Yes.
The law of attraction
is also working here
in this initial matrix.
In fact, it's a
lot stronger here.
All the other rules
come from that one.
And there are so many of them.
With that first
law of attraction,
each being immersed
in it will create
its own particular or personal
set of rules while there.
And if things look the
same for all individuals,
it's because people
on Earth have
been guided to manifest
the same things using mind
control to create a hive
mind in order to exploit them
energetically, creating a farm
in benefit of the reptilians.
>> So what are the differences
in 3D and 5D reality?
I'm not talking about
the reptiles changing it,
just a pure 3D holographic
world versus 5D one.
I guess I'm trying to
determine what, from the things
here, is real, still
exists in the 5D,
and which things are
holographically inserted.
>> The hologram at a higher
level superimposes images, yes.
But it works mainly this way.
It locks people's perceptions
into a set bandwidth
of perception.
And that's white
light bandwidth.
So even if all the rest of
the 5D components of Earth are
still there, you cannot be aware
of them with your five senses.
Take a ruler, for example.
1 is a low frequency.
10 is the higher.
It's all a frequency
gradient from low to high.
If your eyes cannot see past
3, then 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,
10 are not existing for you.
>> OK.
So it's mostly limiting
the perception,
not inserting false
images, just limiting
the perception of these images.
>> Both-- sometime,
imposing an image,
but mostly restricting
what you can see.
From 5D, you can see everything
in the frequency range of 1,
2, 3, 4, and 5, but
not 6 and above.
>> How does the
3D differ from 5D?
It's still the
same objects, yes?
Chair is a chair.
Shoe is still a shoe.
>> Yes.
Shoe is a shoe because they
are both an original matrix.
A chair is a chair here in 5D.
And it's the same in 3D
because 3D matrix was
created as a copy of 5D matrix.
>> And a tree?
>> A tree is a tree.
But it's a higher vibration.
>> Now.
What's that vibration
thing, exactly?
>> A vibration or a density
are the oscillations per second
of manifested matter.
Look at the fan.
When it stopped, you
can see the blades.
But when on and going fast,
the blades are a blur.
Go faster-- they will disappear
from your sight entirely.
But they are still there.
So in order to stop someone
from seeing past 3D,
they must keep them suppressed
in a lower frequency state.
We also have the original
5D matrix imposing things
on the people of Earth, things
that, as they are suppressed,
they cannot see, but still
are there to affect you.
>> I have always felt deep
frustration to perceive objects
only in the way my
brain decodes them here.
And I always knew deep inside
they also exist in another way,
in that higher oscillatory
rate, as you described.
I touch the wood.
And it's just very
limiting 3D wood.
I have always sensed that
there was something wrong
and that this is not the
only way things exist.
>> What you describe does mean
you miss what you remember
and know you are limited now.
Things feel a lot
more real in 5D.
Colors are stronger, and
there are more of them.
You feel more in touch
with your surroundings
and with everything,
not only living things.
>> Now, how does this
suppression in 3D work?
>> The moon transmits a
frequency that suppresses
your capacity to see
certain frequencies.
>> How do you suppress it?
>> You transmit another
frequency that matches it,
but at the opposite.
That's how the moon cancels
out the frequencies they don't
want you to see and perceive.
It's called destructive
interference.
That frequency suppression
using destructive interference
will limit people's
perception to 3D or only
in the frequency range
ruler of 1, 2, 3.
Ghosts and other things
are in 4, lower astral.
So some things do leak into 3D.
The suppression is not perfect.
>> I always knew something
is wrong with this reality.
I'm walking within
the shadow of myself,
virtual reality
avatar of myself.
>> Exactly.
When deep in that
state, people get
so disconnected from their
higher self, their source,
only acting out the
program from the matrix
making them do the same things
over and over, day after day,
that they literally
can lose their souls.
The higher self loses interest
in being in these individuals.
>> Now, the lunar computers--
are they really
computers, or I imagine
it is something vastly
more advanced from what
we can imagine, right?
>> They are literal digital
computers using a primitive
binary system.
They are controlled by very old
and dangerous nuclear reactors
based on uranium.
And they are toxic
ionizing radiation.
The computers control the
electromagnetic generators.
They dictate the exact frequency
they emit, when, and where,
because the matrix
is not uniformly set.
It's different for each region.
>> Why is it different
for each region?
And which region has the
most and the least matrix?
>> Most matrix--
USA and Europe.
Least matrix-- regions of
Africa, Brazil, and Asia,
mostly where there
is a lot of nature.
That's where it receives less
electromagnetic influence.
>> But why was it designed
to emit more matrix in some
regions?
>> It was not designed that way.
The system is failing.
So they are conserving
and managing energy.
The system initially consisted
of 12 nuclear reactors.
But eight of them
are disabled now.
Now only four remain online.
They are old and may fail
suddenly, creating a problem.
Dieslientiplex--
Arcturians-- technicians
are now on the problem
and how to feed
the system with an
alternate source of power.
It's 12,500 years old.
It's failing.
And people down there are
experiencing many glitches.
>> Can we get out of the 3D
matrix perception using only
our mind since it is
installed through some kind
of technology?
>> Yes.
When the consciousness
level is high enough,
it will, in itself,
automatically
adjust the matrix to 5D,
liberating the people
to the original
5D natural matrix.
As the wants of the people
manifest what the matrix gives
them, it will automatically
manifest 5D for them
if that's what they want.
If we turn it off manually
now, then all we will have
is chaos, as most of the
people are not ready for 5D.
>> So from what I understand,
we are multidimensional.
And as with the ruler example,
we already are in the 5D.
It's just our
range of perception
that has been shut off.
It's just a matter of
widening the perception
to include that, right?
>> Right.
It's what you want to
perceive that counts.
And it is vital to
understand people are not
limited artificially.
They are only limited
by their own beliefs.
They are in a prison
for their minds.
>> So even if the 5D installment
is maintained technologically,
our consciousness can
bypass it, correct?
>> Consciousness
is not in the body.
It works through the body.
You are not there.
You are only
perceiving there now.
So it cannot be contained.
That's why the only
thing that limits humans
is the idea that
they are limited.
And that's the part done by the
reptilians hacking the system.
>> If we are descendants of
Lyrians and they were here
at the moment of 3D installment,
how come they forgot who they
are, we are, and the reptiles
somehow even managed to use
the matrix against them?
They were supposed to be trapped
in their perception, too.
>> Because they are the ones
that are hacking the system.
And they never were
lied to about reality.
Their consciousness wasn't
given the idea of being limited.
The 3D trap was meant
for the reptiles.
The limited exploiting ideas
then were set by the reptiles
to exploit the Lyrian people.
That's the hack.
The 3D frequency and the
ideas limit the memory.
Trapped in a memory
loss perception,
that's all part of the
idea of being limited.
All your past life's memory
is still within you now
because it's not
stored in the body.
>> Why do the reptiles want to
keep us generating the matrix
if they want to escape it, too?
>> Because the matrix is
working in great percentage
to their favor.
And they do want to escape
so they can be free,
as they have been imprisoned
there for 12,500 years.
They have been hard at work.
>> Why not to let us go?
I mean, if they could let
us go, raise our frequency,
we could get out.
>> Many are doing
precisely that.
The reptilians are now
split into two factions,
the ones that want to cooperate
and the ones that wants
to fight until the bitter end.
>> If we go beyond
the Van Allen belts,
could we access the
5D automatically?
>> Yes.
As you go beyond
Van Allen belts,
you are automatically in 5D.
The trick is get out.
But yes, as you go out,
you find yourself in 5D.
Then you remember it all.
And it all makes sense.
>> You said the trick
is how to get out.
So how did the reptiles
manage to get out
if they were trapped?
Portals?
>> Yes.
Although they are mostly
stopped from using portals now,
they still do in a limited way.
Spaceflight, on the other
hand, is forbidden for them.
>> How did they reach the portal
technology because they were 3D
trapped, left with
nothing, no resources,
and managed to somehow
grow back to power?
>> They took 12,500 years
to find and develop enough
technology to get out.
Even the Nazis and their
obsession with antiquities
and the esoteric--
what they always
wanted was to find
the old and hidden artifacts
and technology buried
since long ago, technology lost
since Atlantis was destroyed.
>> Do you know or can you
foresee when the 3D installment
will be off completely--
any forecast time-wise?
>> No forecast possible because
the real nature of space-time
doesn't permit a clear forecast.
>> Aren't you, perhaps, turning
off the 3D matrix little
by little from up there?
Like turning it up 3D,
then 3.1, 3.2, et cetera?
I mean, time is speeding
up, people waking up.
Something is going on.
>> We are turning the knob,
slowly turning 3D off.
>> And at what
grade are we now--
3.2, 3.5D?
>> You are all, in average, at
the border with what you call
fourth density.
Our team is slowly
increasing the frequency--
and this beside the fact
that the whole quadrant
is ascending to
the fifth density,
literally moving a
dial on the console.
That's why so many
people are awakening
and so many people are
seeing strange creatures
and strange things are
happening all over the place,
because 3D is now overlapping
with 4D lower astral.
>> I understand it's important
to make it clear that it's not
all in the hands of technology.
The cooperation of our mind
is as important, if not more.
It's the effort from both sides.
Our consciousness is key, right?
>> Yes.
The people must be the change.
The people mustn't sit and wait.
They must be 5D now.
You must be the new world,
not to wait for it to happen.
The people are the event
they are waiting for.
Their mind is the key.
[MUSIC PLAYING]